feat(migrations): ngclass directives to class bindings (#62983)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/reference/migrations/ngclass-to-class.md

# Migration to ngclass to class

> This schematic migrates the ngClass to class in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This schematic migrates NgClass directive usages to class bindings in your application. 
It will only migrate usages that are considered safe to migrate. 
```

Run the schematic using the following command:

```bash
ng generate @angular/core:ngclass-to-class
```

#### Before

```html
<div [ngClass]="{admin: isAdmin, dense: density === 'high'}">
```

#### After

```html

> <div [class.admin]="isAdmin" [class.dense]="density === 'high'">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div [class]="{admin: isAdmin, dense: density === 'high'}">
```

# Migration from NgClass to class bindings

This schematic migrates NgClass directive usages to class bindings in your application.
It will only migrate usages that are considered safe to migrate.

Run the schematic using the following command:

```bash
ng generate @angular/core:ngclass-to-class
```

#### Before

```html
<div [ngClass]="{admin: isAdmin, dense: density === 'high'}">
```

#### After

```html
<div [class]="{admin: isAdmin, dense: density === 'high'}">
```

## Configuration options

The migration supports a few options for fine tuning the migration to your specific needs.

### `--migrate-space-separated-key`

> By default, migration avoids migrating keys separated by spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the migration avoids migrating usages of `NgClass` in which object literal keys contain space-separated class names."
```
